Update in Installation Notes (#9442)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/servicing-stack-updates.md

* Servicing stack updates contain the full servicing stack; as a result, typically administrators only need to install the latest servicing stack update for the operating system.
* Installing servicing stack update does not require restarting the device, so installation should not be disruptive. 
* Servicing stack update releases are specific to the operating system version (build number), much like quality updates.

> * It can be delivered via Windows updates or search to install latest available [Servicing stack update for Windows 10](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV990001).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Servicing stack updates can be delivered via Windows Update, or you can perform a search to install the latest available [Servicing stack update for Windows 10](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-us/security-guidance/advisory/ADV990001).
```
This suggestion may need review and possible changes, so I am looking forward to feedback from @JohanFreelancer9 for confirmation.

Reviewer 2: Looks good. Please just remove the locale from the link.

Reviewer: Thank you for the reminder. Done.
